Did I enjoy memorizing presentations?
No.
I think I just got used to memorizing presentations.
It was something we did since we were kids.
I found that it was kind of hit or miss
in the way that people responded.
Sometimes they responded well, sometimes they didn't,
because maybe there wasn't a subject that interested down.
When I was feeling kind of unsure, like what to do,
I'd probably just bail out with.
I don't want to take too much of your time right now.
And I was nice talking with you and maybe some other time.
I read and studied the brochure completely.
Honestly, I felt that I got this.
I didn't.
When we first got this brochure, I was very intimidated
because I was so used to the method that we used before.
I was at the airport and the guy behind me,
he's complaining about the heating floor there
and that the only reason why he was there
is because of a funeral.
I stopped him and I said, excuse me,
I overheard you saying that you were here for a funeral.
Who died?
And he said, my mother-in-law.
Then I remember I have a magazine about comfort for those
who grieve.
And then I pulled the magazine out and the conversation was done.
In my mind, I said, wow, wow.
He ain't gonna talk no more.
He didn't.
I love our new approach because people can see Jehovah's
people as loving, caring, people, not just preachers.
Because there's no agenda necessarily,
you're not trying to leave a specific publication,
you feel more relaxed.
And oftentimes the conversation's naturally gonna go there.
And sometimes it doesn't lead to opening up to a scripture.
It's just talking about their crazy situation at work
or something else going on in their family.
But it's okay because I made a friend.
So this lady,
I was about to pay and she had these-
Very colorful nails.
Long colorful decorated nails.
And it's like she wanted me to say something about her nails.
Yeah, she definitely wanted to make a statement with that.
So I said, girl, your nails look good.
And she was like, oh well, my nails have a meaning.
And I'm like, they do?
And she's like, yeah, I want to support-
domestic violence-
domestic awareness month.
And I'm like, well, you really care about people.
Yeah, we went to the website.
Yeah, we showed the website.
And the feature article for that month was literally
about domestic abuse.
And she got to see some Bible principles
and she took that with her.
And we had a good conversation.
My wife and I were working together in a territory.
And we were walking back to our cause.
So a man across the street in the block that was already done.
And we asked him how his week has been going.
That led to us asking what sort of work he did.
From that bit of interest, he really appreciated it.
He loved what we had to say.
And so he actually just asked out of the blue for a study.
After we showed him the enjoy life wherever brochure,
he's attended many meetings and been a good return visit.
When I entered a shop,
I started a conversation with the owner.
I asked, how long have you been doing this job?
We talked about a lot of things.
Then naturally, she started expressing
how she always had questions about life.
I then offered a Bible study,
and she accepted the offer with interest.
From then on, we have been studying each week
and about five months have passed.
But we continue to enjoy the discussions.
I was walking through a park one day,
and I saw a family.
I had a beautiful conversation.
I asked a few questions,
and listening to them,
I was really able to hear the concerns of their heart
regarding the future for their daughter.
I offered a Bible study.
She's been studying now every week,
and she attended the convention for the first time this year,
and she's been attending meetings.
By us showing them some love,
they might feel like they might be worthy
of more love than just from us,
but from their creator.
This has really helped me to view them
as a potential servant of Jehovah,
as one of my brothers and sisters.
I don't want to be that obstacle.
Let me listen.
Let me be patient.
Let me be humble and wait to see at the right time.
But my goal is still the same.
I'm going to talk about my God, Jehovah.
I just know so fast.